Update Tarball extension from .tgz to tar.gz in markdown files (#480)
nginx/documentation: content/nap-waf/v4/admin-guide/upgrade-nap-waf.md

## Upgrade NGINX App Protect on the Data Plane

> Before you start, make sure you're using NGINX Management Suite for your policy management. Your NGINX configuration should be set up to use WAF policies with a _.tar.gz_ extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start, make sure you're using NGINX Management Suite for your policy management. Your NGINX configuration should be set up to use WAF policies with a _.tgz_ extension.
```
